Release notes for the Android Weight Tracker App

= Introduction =

IDE: Eclipse 4.3

Google Play: http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pigdogbay.weightrecorder

= Details =

== Release 1.15.01 ==
17th Sept 2014 *Alpha*

_Changes_

  * Admob is back
  * Google Analytics now integrated

== Release 1.14.03 ==
8th Aug 2014 *Production*

_Changes_
  * Report bug fix, report is now created every time
  * Goal date for all time now validates the date
  * Displays well done message when the target weight is reached
  * Updated report:
    * New min, max, max-min fields
    * New first, last, first-last weight fields
    * Start date, last date, number of days between first and last
    * Re-organized fields, new weight category
  

== Release 1.14.02 ==

5th Aug 2014 *Alpha*

_Changes_
  * Min API is now 16, Jelly Bean 4.1
  * MainActivity is now a fragment holder
  * Home screen is now a fragment
  * Instead of different layouts for each screen size, there are now different styles for the home buttons for each screen size.
  * About is now a fragment, also uses same code as anagram solver
  * Welcome wizard is now a fragment
  * Updated to latest version of the v4 support library
  * Help is now a fragment
  * Settings is now a fragment
  * Chart is now a fragment
  * New and Edit are fragments and now use EditFragment as a super class
  * Create a fragment version of import. Import activity is now only for import intents from opening files
  * Retired the home button
  * MainActivity is now a mediator for the navigation

== Release 1.14.01 ==

12th May 2014 *Alpha*<br/>

_Changes_
  * Removed references to admob library
  * Setup for linux developement
  * Upgraded to achartengine 1.1
  * About facebook button now shows my other apps  * 

== Release 1.12.02 ==

 20th Dec 2013 *Production*<br/>

_Changes_
  * Removed In App Billing code from Android Utils 
  * Removed purchase warning for background colour as no longer in AndroidUtils

== Release 1.12.01 ==

17th Dec 2013 *Alpha*<br/>

_Changes_
  * Changed About to the new simplified style
  * Removed In App Billing Code
  * Removed Ads

== Release 1.11.02 ==

7th Nov 2013 *Production*<br/>

_Changes_
  * Removed remnants of in app billing help. 
  * Improved settings help for the new settings screen
  * Improved chart help, explains menu fit options.

== Release 1.11.01 ==

29th Oct 2013 *Alpha*<br/>

_Changes_
  * Welcome start fragment now shows doctor icon, improved text.

== Release 1.11.00 ==

24th Oct 2013 *Alpha*<br/>

_Changes_
  * Removed ad banner from chart
  * Ads now back on the main screen
  * Ads loadOnCreate is now false, only load if ads are not blocked by purchase
  * Now uses BackgroundColor and RemoveAds MVP
  * Added Debug Screen
  * Renamed app to weight tracker
  * Placed home button on the shop menu
  * Shop shows contacting google play, Wait Screen till inventory done
  * Removed Shop
  * Moved help from the menu to the dashboard
  * Background color now free
  * Added new quick help screen
  * Simplified and improved the the target weight and height settings, 
feet and inches now an option for height
  * Swipe tabs now used for each settings type
  * Default settings now based on Locale.
  * Add a dialog message if no readings on edit screen. Tell user about import option on the menu

== Release 1.1000 ==

16th Aug 2013 *Production* <br/>

_Changes_
  * Ad banners removed from main screen, now shown on chart, list, report and help
  * Setting to change background colour
  * In App Purchases: Disable Ads and unlock new background colours
  * 7 Days grace for ad banners

== Release 1.09 ==

_Changes_
  * Removed application code from AndroidUtils
  * Localization: Moved all strings to string.xml
  * Chart now uses SP and DP instead of pixel sizes, this is to fix a bug where fonts are too small
  * Added intent filter to open CSV files into import activity
  * Added Backup feature that stores readings in the downloads folder
  * Imported readings are now merged into the database, matching dates are overwritten
  * Share readings now shares the readings as a csv file
  * Chart screen shot can now be shared.
  * Automatic weekly backup of readings
  * US Settings (Pounds and Inches) are now default settings
  * Broadcasts now used to notify ReadingList of imported readings
  * Soft keyboard now hidden for all activities - Thanks to Carvell
  * BMI String now says check height settings if error, 

== Release 1.08 ==

_Changes_
  * Rebuild, v1,.07 had a corrupted APK

== Release 1.07 ==

_Changes_
  * Fixed unit conversion bug on the add new reading screen. Previous reading was not being converted if the weight units changed.
  * Revamped the Report screen for a more professional look.
  * MainModel no longer a singleton. Database instance now created for each activity.
  * Chart code now refactored into data, logic and UI.
  * Add Zoom buttons to chart.
  * Increase axis labels font size by 2pts
  * Improved unit conversion accuracy, based on international standards